Style_guide (#1332)
spectrocloud/librarium: styleguide/spectro-cloud-word-list.md

# Spectro Cloud Word List

> 

Reviewer: Add an intro to this page.

Author: Added from line 3.

# Spectro Cloud Word List

> The Spectro Cloud Word List is a reference to ensure we speak the same language.  It provides unified language and terminology across our communication materials, including documentation, marketing content, and internal communications. 
> 
> We believe in clear and consistent communication and use this reference to reflect a unified voice and consistent messaging.  Review this list to avoid confusion, misinterpretation, or inconsistency when discussing key concepts and ideas. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Spectro Cloud Word List is a reference to ensure we speak the same language.  The following list is intended to help you understand the word choices we have made regarding terms commonly used in our documentation.
```

- <<feature>feature> menu - When referring to a feature’s sub-menu, such as tenant settings, refer to the menu by the features name, ex: tenant settings menu.

- bare metal - two words.

- cluster group - two words.

- data center - two words.

- Day-2 - always a proper noun.

- drop-down menu - hyphen.

- load balancer - two words when used as a noun. 

- log in - use as a verb. 

- login - (noun, adj).

- Main menu - the main navigation pane of the product.

- Palette Virtual Cluster - may be referenced as “virtual cluster” after initially defined in its full name.

> - prerequisite(s) - no hyphen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- prerequisites - no hyphen.
```
